hi Worrell it's gotta and today I'm here
with a super exciting news
I just got sponsored by fairtex yeah I'm
very happy to announce that now I'm very
proud and happy to be sponsored by the
best MMA and Moya Thai team in Asia
Phuket of gym and number one training
gear brand fairtex
so I just got this amazing just look
just I already tried everything and now
I'm here with the little hole and my
thoughts about that and my first
impressions yeah before I got only shin
guards by first X and I've used it
actually more than one year and still it
looks quite nice and my trainer and the
gyms - where's it's sometimes so the
quality is really good and according to
opinion of many the fighters and the
guys for no fairtex is really very very
very high quality brand so I will keep
you guys updated and you will see in my
next videos about the quality and how
every suit works with me ok let's get
started and I want to start with this
beautiful glass it's a 10 old gloves
first I wasn't very excited about that
because of the shape of this glass it's
quite a rectangular and I was like it's
not very convenient to punch with this
shape of gloves I tried it once like
long time ago I tried my friends gloves
and it was quite rectangular and they
just didn't like it it didn't work for
me so this what I thought about this
class when I just seen that but when I
just tried everything changed
it is so soft inside that it just takes
your arm shape and if you wear hand
wraps inside you just get in same shape
as your arm and it feels so cold field
and nice and they just really like it
it's quite small so I I'm not using this
class for sparring of course but I tried
it on fast and the back and it feels
just and waited and you can see the
quality here like it's so good quality
leather so I really liked it afterwards
after I tried and another glass this I'm
just in love with it looks amazing look
at this design it's so fancy
and looks just awesome pinky and great
and a little bit black it's Elston old
for me to cam girl I don't punch hard
you know yeah and it feels amazing
inside is just so country and it's
really like when I just wore this I
could say this is the best class I've
ever tried and I tried several brands
like three or four grams before and this
is the best one so these gloves I just
love and I would recommend it to anyone
and you can see the quality one of my
friends is using similar model like
about two years now
and it still looks like the new one this
is incredible yeah you can see on my
video I tried with all pets it feels
just awesome and on the back and I'm
using this was for sparring - when I
wear this I can say yeah this is the
gloves
this is so cool I just love
I also got this simple shin pads yeah
pretty simple model but top so the shins
are not hurtin and yeah it looks strong
and everson good and I've used this part
so everything is cool
I bought these shin pads and and another
model our God it's a little bit more
fancy and it's like a transformer this
part can be taken off like that but to
use it like that pretty dangerous
inspired because you can kick the elbow
and get hurt
first time I tried this shin pads was
not very successful for me I didn't like
this part because it wasn't that contact
and it always like move somewhere and it
was not good first time but second time
I just fixed everything better and and
it was good so yeah now I really like it
and this part I like how it made very
tough and safe and what I absolutely
love is this training back be inspired
by first X it's just awesome it's not
that big as my egg back and it's not
small it's just perfect perfect to pack
all the training gear all the train stop
and the water and everything so yeah it
has several sections and with the
pockets inside and two pockets on the
sides and here is one small pocket for
the phone and maybe money and some
little things
and else I've got a couple of shorts
first X the shorts are really nice and
beautiful especially this one with black
and gold yeah and actually this is size
M and I normally wear shorts emphasize
em but somehow vertex models are quite
big for me but it's still good so yeah
this is pretty much it
here are all the goodies I got from my
new sponsor fairtex and I'm very happy
and excited about that I just love them
so much and delsa I would like to share
with you guys my new my last obsession
this short I'm absolutely crazy about
that just since I bought it like maybe
one week ago I just never want to take
it off
I just always wear it everyday at home
and when I go outside with jeans or with
shorts I don't know I just really I
never take it off only when I go train I
take the sport brass but when I go
somewhere outside I just always want to
wear only this I just love it so much I
don't know what happened to me and but
yeah just wanted to share with you so
yeah I hope you guys all do it fabulous
and let me know in the comments below
what you think about my new training
gear and what do you like the most
what do you think about vertex don't
forget to give this video your huge huge
huge thumbs up and see all guys very
very soon in my next videos bye
you